              ---------
              ARTIFACTS
              ---------

  Istamvúsh, "Lightheated", a giant olm leather sandal  
    This is a giant olm leather sandal.  All craftsdwarfship is of the highest quality.  It is decorated with giant olm leather and encircled with bands of llama wool.
    Xx
    Light-Heat

  Osor ùst, "The Kingdom of Breaching", a raw adamantine crown  
    This is a raw adamantine crown.  All craftsdwarfship is of the highest quality.  It is encircled with bands of skunk leather.  This object menaces with spikes of red zircon.  
    On the item is an image of Hauntedrare the wolf woman and Amxu Cursemansion the goblin in raw adamantine.  Amxu Cursemansion is striking down Hauntedrare.  The artwork relates to the killing of the wolf woman Hauntedrare by the goblin Amxu Cursemansion in The Uncommon Hills in 423.
    The Y of Z
    Kingdom Breach

  Kat Izkil, "The Goal of Intricacies", a llama bone earring  
    This is a llama bone earring.  All craftsdwarfship is of the highest quality.  It is encircled with bands of llama bone.  This object menaces with spikes of rubicelle.  On the item is an image of a giant tortoise man in adamantine.  
    The Y of Z
    Goal Intricate

  Äkigåm, "Stretchedyawn", a steel short sword
    This is a steel short sword.  All craftsdwarfship is of the highest quality.  It is decorated with birch and encircled with bands of peach wood. This object menaces with spikes of chicken bone.  On the item is an image of a half moon in steel.
    On the item is an image of Ubbul Roughnessplane the dwarf and dwarves in red zircon.  Ubbul Roughnessplane is surrounded by the dwarves.  The artwork relates to the appointment of the dwarf Ubbul Roughnessplane to the position of general of The Routed Hammer in 25.
    Xx
    Stretch-Yawn

  Teshkadkûbuk, "Pricedlance", a chestnut animal trap
    This is a chestnut animal trap.  All craftsdwarfship is of the highest quality.  It is encrusted with rose cut rock crystals and decorated with chestnut.  This object menaces with spikes of honey yellow beryl.  On the item is an image of a cheese in rock crystal.  On the item is an image of clouds in honey yellow beryl.  On the item is an image of single cut gems in gabbro.
    Xx
    Price-Lance

  Kosoththatthil, "Palaceautumn", a gabbro statue of Ubbul Roughnessplane
    This is a gabbro statue of Ubbul Roughnessplane.  All craftsdwarfship is of the highest quality.
    The item is a masterfully designed image of Ubbul Roughnessplane the dwarf and dwarves in gabbro by Onol Keskalilir.  Ubbul Roughnessplane is surrounded by the dwarves.  The artwork relates to the appointment of the dwarf Ubbul Roughnessplane to the position of general of The Routed Hammer in 25.
    This object menaces with spikes of gabbro.  On the item is an image of dwarves in gabbro.  On the item is an image of Blushtunneled the mule bone bracelet in gabbro.
    Xx
    Palace-Autumn

  Totmonbogsosh Gesullod, "Flowerbrigand the Cross One", a green glass hatch cover
    This is a green glass hatch cover.  All craftsdwarfship is of the highest quality.  It is decorated with sheep wool.
    On the item is an image of Mûthkat Greaterclasps the dwarf and dwarves in green glass.  Mûthkat Greaterclasps is surrounded by the dwarves.  The artwork relates to the ascension of the dwarf Mûthkat Greaterclasps to the position of king of The Routed Hammer in 125.
    X the Y
    Flower-Brigand Cross-One

  Zikeläkig Kumil Onget, "Fiercestretches the Armory of Turquoise", a elk bird leather bag
    This is a elk bird leather bag.  All craftsdwarfship is of the highest quality.  It is decorated with goose leather and encircled with bands of mule bone.  This object menaces with spikes of elk bird leather and demantoid.
    X the Y of Z
    Fierce-Stretch Armory Turquoise

  Semorcudïst Akir Bisól, "Unitedscalded the Reward of Peace", a hazel wood scepter
    This is a hazel wood scepter.  All craftsdwarfship is of the highest quality.  It is decorated with chestnut and encircled with bands of hazel wood and peach wood.  
    On the item is an image of Asno Jawlie the goblin and Submergemusty the giant wolf in schist.  Submergemusty is striking down Asno Jawlie.  The artwork relates to the killing of the goblin Asno Jawlie by the giant wolf Submergemusty in The Uncommon Hills in 650.
    X the Y of Z
    Union-Scald Reward Peace

  Led Sub, "The Rack of Drips", a sphalerite ring  
    This is a sphalerite ring.  All craftsdwarfship is of the highest quality.  It is encrusted with oval sphalerite cabochons and rose cut red zircons, decorated with badger bone and encircled with bands of oval red zircon cabochons.  This object menaces with spikes of red zircon.  
    On the item is an image of Nako Dredgethieves the goblin and Bookbrutes the giant wolf in badger bone.  Bookbrutes is striking down Nako Dredgethieves.  The artwork relates to the killing of the goblin Nako Dredgethieves by the giant wolf Bookbrutes in The Uncommon Hills in 515.  
    On the item is an image of Nish Leanclasp the dwarf in cougar leather.  
    On the item is an image of a grape vine in apple wood.
    The Y of Z
    Rack Drip

----------------
Decorations Only. Each line is one paragraph in the artifact description
----------------
  1 It is decorated with giant olm leather and encircled with bands of llama wool.
  2 It is encircled with bands of skunk leather.  This object menaces with spikes of red zircon.
      On the item is an image of Hauntedrare the wolf woman and Amxu Cursemansion the goblin in raw adamantine.  Amxu Cursemansion is striking down Hauntedrare.  The artwork relates to the killing of the wolf woman Hauntedrare by the goblin Amxu Cursemansion in The Uncommon Hills in 423.
  1 It is encircled with bands of llama bone.  This object menaces with spikes of rubicelle. On the item is an image of a giant tortoise man in adamantine.
  2 It is decorated with birch and encircled with bands of peach wood. This object menaces with spikes of chicken bone.  On the item is an image of a half moon in steel.
      On the item is an image of Ubbul Roughnessplane the dwarf and dwarves in red zircon.  Ubbul Roughnessplane is surrounded by the dwarves.  The artwork relates to the appointment of the dwarf Ubbul Roughnessplane to the position of general of The Routed Hammer in 25.
  1 It is encrusted with rose cut rock crystals and decorated with chestnut.  This object menaces with spikes of honey yellow beryl.  On the item is an image of a cheese in rock crystal.  On the item is an image of clouds in honey yellow beryl.  On the item is an image of single cut gems in gabbro.
  2 STATUE: The item is a masterfully designed image of Ubbul Roughnessplane the dwarf and dwarves in gabbro by Onol Keskalilir.  Ubbul Roughnessplane is surrounded by the dwarves.  The artwork relates to the appointment of the dwarf Ubbul Roughnessplane to the position of general of The Routed Hammer in 25.
      This object menaces with spikes of gabbro.  On the item is an image of dwarves in gabbro.  On the item is an image of Blushtunneled the mule bone bracelet in gabbro.
  2 It is decorated with sheep wool.
      On the item is an image of Mûthkat Greaterclasps the dwarf and dwarves in green glass.  Mûthkat Greaterclasps is surrounded by the dwarves.  The artwork relates to the ascension of the dwarf Mûthkat Greaterclasps to the position of king of The Routed Hammer in 125.
  1 It is decorated with goose leather and encircled with bands of mule bone.  This object menaces with spikes of elk bird leather and demantoid.
  2 It is decorated with chestnut and encircled with bands of hazel wood and peach wood.  
      On the item is an image of Asno Jawlie the goblin and Submergemusty the giant wolf in schist.  Submergemusty is striking down Asno Jawlie.  The artwork relates to the killing of the goblin Asno Jawlie by the giant wolf Submergemusty in The Uncommon Hills in 650.
  4 It is encrusted with oval sphalerite cabochons and rose cut red zircons, decorated with badger bone and encircled with bands of oval red zircon cabochons.  This object menaces with spikes of red zircon.  
      On the item is an image of Nako Dredgethieves the goblin and Bookbrutes the giant wolf in badger bone.  Bookbrutes is striking down Nako Dredgethieves.  The artwork relates to the killing of the goblin Nako Dredgethieves by the giant wolf Bookbrutes in The Uncommon Hills in 515.  
      On the item is an image of Nish Leanclasp the dwarf in cougar leather.  
      On the item is an image of a grape vine in apple wood.
  
----------------------
Individual Decorations
----------------------
  First Phrase
    It is decorated with giant olm leather and encircled with bands of llama wool.
    It is decorated with birch and encircled with bands of peach wood.
    It is decorated with sheep wool.
    It is decorated with goose leather and encircled with bands of mule bone.
    It is decorated with chestnut and encircled with bands of hazel wood and peach wood.  
    It is encrusted with rose cut rock crystals and decorated with chestnut.
    It is encrusted with oval sphalerite cabochons and rose cut red zircons, decorated with badger bone and encircled with bands of oval red zircon cabochons.
    It is encircled with bands of skunk leather.  
    It is encircled with bands of llama bone.
    STATUE: The item is a masterfully designed image of Ubbul Roughnessplane the dwarf and dwarves in gabbro by Onol Keskalilir.  Ubbul Roughnessplane is surrounded by the dwarves.
  Menacing Spikes
    This object menaces with spikes of red zircon.
    This object menaces with spikes of rubicelle. 
    This object menaces with spikes of chicken bone.
    This object menaces with spikes of honey yellow beryl.
    This object menaces with spikes of gabbro.
    This object menaces with spikes of elk bird leather and demantoid.
    This object menaces with spikes of red zircon.
  Images
    On the item is an image of Hauntedrare the wolf woman and Amxu Cursemansion the goblin in raw adamantine.  Amxu Cursemansion is striking down Hauntedrare.
    On the item is an image of a giant tortoise man in adamantine.
    On the item is an image of a half moon in steel.
    On the item is an image of Ubbul Roughnessplane the dwarf and dwarves in red zircon.  Ubbul Roughnessplane is surrounded by the dwarves.
    On the item is an image of a cheese in rock crystal.
    On the item is an image of clouds in honey yellow beryl.
    On the item is an image of single cut gems in gabbro.
    On the item is an image of dwarves in gabbro.
    On the item is an image of Blushtunneled the mule bone bracelet in gabbro.
    On the item is an image of Mûthkat Greaterclasps the dwarf and dwarves in green glass.  Mûthkat Greaterclasps is surrounded by the dwarves.
    On the item is an image of Asno Jawlie the goblin and Submergemusty the giant wolf in schist.  Submergemusty is striking down Asno Jawlie.
    On the item is an image of Nako Dredgethieves the goblin and Bookbrutes the giant wolf in badger bone.  Bookbrutes is striking down Nako Dredgethieves.
    On the item is an image of Nish Leanclasp the dwarf in cougar leather.  
    On the item is an image of a grape vine in apple wood.
  
Steps to create an artifact:
  1:  Get Artifact Name
      Pick from naming schemes
        Xx
        The Y Z (where Y is an Adjective and Z is a noun)
        The Y of Z
        X the Y of Z
  2:  Determine the base item
      Method A: Huge array of base items
        Pros: Simple, easy to read
        Cons: Completely random; Breastplates are just as common as toy anvils
      Method B: Workshop object with weighted values
        Pros: Can easily select item types by workshop and set percentages for each workshop
        Cons: More complex. Will require a lot more checking and setup
  3:  Determine the main material
      Any item can be made of any material (I think)
      Check to see if the material has a sub-type (bone vs dog bone / wood vs oak)
  4:  Determine the number of decorations and/or encrustings
      The first decoration is always "It is decorated with", "It is encrusted with", or "It is encircled with" UNLESS the item is a statue
      MOST artifacts have one or two decoration paragraphs, but there is a chance of getting more